All right.
So now it's time to actually upload our Web site.
So if we go to our domain name obviously yours is different but mine is edge ledger dot net.
We're just going to see the emotion just place holder.
So we obviously want to replace this with the Web site that we built.
So we're gonna go down to words as files and we want to click on FTB accounts.
OK FCP stands for File Transfer Protocol and it's an Internet protocol that's used for file transfer.
That's the I guess that's the easiest way I can put it.
And right here we can put it in just like with the e-mail accounts.
Any name we want.
I'm just gonna do Brad and it's gonna be at edu ledger dot that year will be different obviously.
And then a password.
So just put in a password here
and this is really important.
So the directory by default it's going to put it into this this FCP account will go to just a separate
folder called Brad which is not very useful.
We want to actually go to the root of the of the Web site so that we can access the root page here.
So we're going to just clear all of this out like that and you can also set a quota if you want and
upload quota.
But we're just going to keep on limited and then let's click creative to FTB account and now that's
been created now to access our file.
We need to we need to FCP client and I would highly recommend file zilla.
So if we just search for file Zilla it's gonna be this right here file Zilla project dot org and you
want to make sure you get the client not the server the server is if you want to have your own FTB server.
So you just want to click download here and download and it's for Mac Windows Linux it's cross platform.
So just grab that once it's installed you can open it up I already have installed so I'm just going
to open it up here and you're going to see what you're gonna see something like this and over here on
this side is your local machine as you can see it's showing my desktop right here.
These are the folders I have on my desktop which includes the edge ledger Web site that we built.
So if I go in there you'll see the R H team I'll file USS image javascript DSA store is just a hidden
Mac file so don't worry about that.
If you're on Windows you won't even have that.
But what we're gonna do now is log in to our Web site through FTB.
So up here in the host We want to put our domain name.
So I'm going to use edge ledger dot net.
And then the user name is going to be whatever your FTE account is mine is Brad at edged ledger dot
net.
And then the password that we used what was it and then port you can leave that blank the default port
for FTB is twenty one.
But if you leave it blank it's still going to use 21.
So we don't need to put it in and then quick connect and you might get a box that says like authorize
or something the first time you try to log in just say OK or authorize or whatever.
Now what we're looking at here is the root of our entire server or I should say our account.
And the place where you want to go to for your website is public HDMI out.
OK.
This public underscore each team.
This is our actual website.
So if we go into there what we're gonna see is a couple of files and the default dot H T M OK so could
be each team out or each team.
That is the the landing page that we see that coming soon page.
So what we want to do is delete everything in here.
We're just gonna delete all of this.
So we'll say yes to the confirmation.
And then if I go back to edge ledger dot net and reload we're just going to see this this blank index
of.
OK.
So there's no files here.
So we want to go to files Zilla and just bring all of our Web site files not the D.S. store but our
Web site files right over we can just drag and drop and it's simply going to upload them to our host.
OK.
So it's all done.
So there's only a couple of files so it doesn't take long.
And then if we go back to our domain and reload there's our Web site.
So our Web site is now live on the Internet
and it's easy as that.
Now FCP is when you start to get into application development when you're building these larger apps
FCP is not really efficient.
It's very slow.
You probably want to start to learn about get in using SSD age using the control panel stuff like that
but that's later on down the road for now if you're just building small business Web sites each team
all CSA is a little front end Javascript.
I mean FCP is fine.
So now that you know how to purchase shared hosting account create e-mail accounts create RTP upload
your site in the next video we're gonna start to learn more about CSX.
We're going to start to learn about transitions and stuff.
We're gonna start to look at the grid system and then we're going to build some more projects.
I'm also going to show you how to deploy to a static host called Net lo fi a little later on.
All right.
So I'll see you in the next section.